Why are you here?
How princess do you know him
Nonsense this is my husband
How could I not know
What you
Is there anything wrong with your husband?
The predecessor of the great emperor said that the princess will be you
Promise me
What promise to you
What do you deserve?
Didn't you say you were the concubine?
People don't seem to like you.
Now what the emperor said
How dare you question
Dong Ying, stop dreaming
I only like Brother Qin Zhan
Who can help me?
The Dong family will kill you today
Do you recognize this Supreme Sword?
Chop first and then play
It's really majestic
What are you doing here?
Let me join in the fun
What, you want to help him?
Yes are you blind
Don't you see the supreme sword in my hand?
So I'll show you something too
How do you have these fools
You think I'm with Mad Heaven
Why are you here waiting for your arrest?
Dong Ying, you are ordered to conduct diplomacy
not afraid to serve the country
Instead, use power for personal gain
Betray national interests
Tell yourself what to do.
Don't move or I'll kill him